Design, build and operate all facets of our next-generation network solutions, to include production on-prem, cloud, transit and backbone networks in a 24/7 environment.
Responsible for ensuring network availability, performance and future scalability for the entire Uber platform, spanning both on-premise and Cloud environments.
Apply your intellectual curiosity and research new technologies; resolve their practical applications within our principles and then bring it to life in our production networks.
What the Candidate Will Do
Provide operational level 1 and level 2 support, solving and problem remediation of Uber’s production.
Provide production cloud networking support (AWS and GCP), interconnects, and VPC creation.
Assist in new production deployments (rack builds/capacity adds).
Engineers will be required to participate in regular on-call rotations.
Collaborate with Uber teams especially Network Lifecycle and TPMs on project based work.
New deployments, upgrades and remediation of Uber networks/data centers.
Remote deployment Support.
Experience leading, or chipping in to, large-scale green or brownfield architecture, designs, and deployments for global or national enterprise or Service Providers in backbone or data center network fabrics.
Proficiency in one or more programming or scripting languages such as Go, Java, or Python with 2+ years experience.
You are passionate about using software innovations to automate network management, improve network observability, and remediate problems.
Shown ability to lead operational excellence through best-practice organisational change, outage mitigation and blameless post-mortem processes.
4+ years of hands-on experience crafting, deploying and/or operating Cloud networking in either Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud Platform environments (Direct peering, VPC networking, Security controls).
Knowledge about distributed systems such as Network/Application load balancers, DNS, VM/container networking.
A relentless desire to build each network better than the last.
